cargo-generate-lockfile: add page (#10918)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/cargo-generate-lockfile.md

# cargo generate-lockfile

> > Generates the Cargo.lock file for the current package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Generates the `Cargo.lock` file for the current package.
```

> > If the lockfile already exsits it will be rebuilt with latest version of every package.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> If the lockfile already exists it will be rebuilt with latest version of every package.
```

> More information: <https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/cargo/commands/cargo-generate-lockfile.html>.

> - Generate Cargo.lock with latest version of every package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate `Cargo.lock` file with the latest version of every package:
```

> - Generate `Cargo.lock` file with the latest version of every package:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Generate a `Cargo.lock` file with the latest version of every package:
```

`cargo generate-lockfile`

> - Path for the `Cargo.toml` file. By default the file is present in the current directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specify a custom path for the `Cargo.toml` file (Note: By default the file is present in the current directory):
```

> `cargo generate-lockfile --manifest-path {{path/to/toml/file}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cargo generate-lockfile --manifest-path {{path/to/file.toml}}`
```

- Assert that the `Cargo.lock` file is up-to-date:

`cargo generate-lockfile --locked`

> - Prevent the Cargo from attempting to access the network to determine if it out-of-date:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prevent Cargo from attempting to access the network to determine if it out-of-date:
```

`cargo generate-lockfile --frozen`

> - Prevent Cargo from accessing the network. Cargo will attempt to proceed without network. If Cargo requires internet to proceed and network is not available Cargo will stop with an error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prevent Cargo from accessing the network. (Note: If Cargo requires internet to proceed and network is not available, it will stop with an error):
```
